a successful invasion of Tunisia by
austria-hungary an accessible alastair
of Italy from Marseille and I believe
that's it oh yeah and a successful
takeover of Spain by England's this will
be a major downfall of Spain their brief
retrieve phase Italy has four is forced
to spend three of their units leading to
a crude of crucial shortage that will
critically hurt the next turn austra
hungry finally remembers to free up
their home supply centers and is able to
build one Germany builds one England
builds one Russia I believe disbands one
honored right yeah I think they actually
stayed the same here spring of 1906
features the bounce back of England's
invasion of Italy England expansion to
the Mediterranean German expansion
towards England further collapse of the
Russian Empire with the ouster of Moscow
and a betrayal of Russia by
austria-hungary which is me mainly a
staging phase towards the fall of 1906
which features the takeover of all three
of Italy's home supply sinners by
austria-hungary eliminating Italy as a
player the further betrayal of Russia by
austria-hungary and German expansion
into the England the I'll England I'll
English isle sir sorry and further
German expansion towards English
possessions so after in the winter of
1906 only a few major players remain one
hopes for Austria has the supply of
thirteen years moved into the lead
England remains at seven France has been
eliminated Germany reigns at 12 in one
turn Italy loses all three of their
units and his remove
moved Russia has to remove two in his
weakening and turkeys removed so the
major players left our Austria Germany
and with England's two smaller but still
influential power going into 1907 spring
of nineteen oh seven features England
retreat from Mediterranean a Russian
stalemate holding off those people are
holding off the Germans a lot of
different support orders conflicts
between austria-hungary in England and
further conflict between Germany and
England leads to the fall of nineteen oh
seven vas takeover of English
possessions by Germany a movie ah
austria-hungary fleets moving towards
the Iberian Peninsula and further
Russian conflict between both sides
winter again turkey I mean I'll sure be
able to build three units this turn
Germany to see it's quickly becoming a
conflict between Germany austria-hungary
England forced to span more units
weakening it again spring of nineteen oh
eight German complete German takeover of
the English Isles German Austrian take
over southern France and other English
possessions conflicts between masked
austria-hungary and German forces
returns in the summer and then finally
fall which features an aborted
austro-hungary take over a Spain further
German takeover of England's possessions
she comes the winter which includes the
building of more German units no Billy
no Austrians do the home things being
taken up again then we finally get to
Springs 1909 which features a
cooperation between Germany and England
to prevent austria-hungary from gaining
the 18 Supply centers at needs further
stalemates between German and
austro-hungarian it's seeking to take
russia's last one fall features the
takeover of spain final takeover spain
by austria-hungary to now direct
conflict between all of german
austro-hungary units and a final
takeover of russia by austria-hungary
leading to a winter of 99 situation were
only austria-hungary and germany
remained the only two remaining powers
is this point that both powers both with
needing one more supply center with
germany having three more you actual
units then austria-hungary leading to a
stalemate line that extends from russia
all the way over to spain if us at this
point it was agreed between Germany
austria-hungary to declare truce and co
Victor's this has been the first game
and hopefully many by the diplomacy farm
thank you